hi my name is Terry Romero author of
vegan eats world today we're going to be
making kimchi with baby bok choy it's
fast it's easy you can eat it right now
or you can set aside a refrigerator -
naturally fermented so so first the most
important ingredient is the bok choy
make sure you get little guys like this
babies what I'm gonna do is slice in
half any of the larger ones like this
put that aside in a big bowl over here
there are little ones I like to eat them
whole I'm using about two pounds
alright I'll set the book choy I'm gonna
add a few more vegetables about one big
kind of scallions it's a big bunch here
about six of them I'm just going to cut
them roughly into 1-inch pieces
and last them at least just one carrot
that I slice it's long entrance
alright now I'm going to be adding 1 cup
of or 1/2 a cup of kosher salt I'm just
going to sprinkle this over the
vegetables and I'm going to massage the
salt into the vegetables this is going
to help remove a lot of the water
okay so this has been sitting side for
20 minutes as you can see the leaves are
wilted and the stem has terrorized this
is ready to put the chili paste so this
side and I want to make a fast chili
paste I'm gonna do I'm gonna put in my
little food processor here about two
tablespoons of fresh ginger chopped and
filled Oh about four or five garlic
cloves you gotta have garlic now this is
the really important ingredient to get
special Korean red pepper powder you
can't make kimchi with at it or at least
this style of kimchi it's not too spicy
it's a little bit sweet so I'm putting
about a half a cup of our I would like a
little bit of sweetness on my kimchi so
I'm gonna just a teaspoon of brown sugar
and to speed up that tangy flavor I'm
adding a third of a cup of brown rice
bigger okay so I'm just gonna post this
here in the food processor to make a
creamy base
garlicky ginger paste wait I'm back my
book try and I've been obsessing seats
this is two teaspoons are ready two
tablespoons of roasted sesame seeds
nice
now for the fun part massaging the pace
back into vegetables just like you did
before so you want to make sure that you
really get those leaves and the inside
of each little tiny toy covered with
paste so just take your time and really
work it in here
so this is about it you can eat your
kimchi right now as is for a fresh zesty
kimchi or you can pack this into plastic
bags or glass jars and store in the
fridge and in about a few days you'll
start to get a little bit of a light
fermented flavor so if you enjoyed this
recipe please check out Egon eats world
or see my other recipes at vegan latina
calm thanks